One step further.
Will kill you
What a kind master
Dare to hit the immortal young master
You are dead.
Arrogance
Quickly kneel down and apologize to Young Master Yan
Kneel down kneel down
Kneel down and play
You really have a lot of guts!
Young Master Tian is the younger brother of the Ming Emperor warrior
Since you dare to run away from him
I don't know
He is an ant overlord at the bottom of society
How do you know how powerful the Emperor War God is?
Your Emperor God of War is here
I see how you live
Xue Yang
Is this the man you chose?
Yuan Zhaoning, what are you doing?
What's up?
I'll show you the man you chose today
How to kowtow to me
Kneel down and beg for mercy
If you kneel down and kowtow to me now and apologize
Ruthless today
All or else
I will use this Xuanyuan sword to cut you to pieces
Don't you dare
You can try this Xuanyuan sword
Can you pull it out?
Arrogance you seek death